​Hugo Critics Review
Game: Blown Away
Game Creators:
     Antoine Foucault
     Ambre Laurent
     Henri Berteloot
     Julie Boyaval
     Safran Reynaert
     Naomie Halter
     Satoki Takamatsu
     Alexander Morgan
Images: 
     Extract A: https://github.com/Hugo-Lua/HugoCriticsGames/blob/main/2024-08-25%2009_44_48-Window.png


Foreword: This is my personal opinion and other people may have different views on the game. The game 
is compared to many commercial games which have seen success some examples may include: Hollow Knight, Counter Strike,
Trackmania, and many others.

Summary:
The game was quite fun but not awfully so, I found many buildings with wrong face orientation meaning 
I could see into the buildings, I could also glitch into some of the building by jamming myself into a tight 
corner and pressing dash [extract A] . In my opinion it 
was very unclear on how to use the parachute ability which caused me to play the game without ever using it. 
I'm not going to sugar-coat it, the animations were terrible, the few which were in the game.

Ratings:
Gameplay: 6.5/10
Uniqueness: 3/10
Content: 4/10
Art & Design: 7/10
Sound: 5/10

Gameplay:
The gameplay was standard of that which a 3d platformer, nothing special really, the camera was 
very strangely adjusted (comparing to other games) ​and took a while to get used to.

Uniqueness:
It was not unique I feel, the jumping on the hot air balloons were different from most games,
although has still been used in many different games before this.

Content & Replayability:
There wasn't a lot of content as it was a short game, despite this there was 15 collectibles which 
could all be caught and increase the playtime, I suggest adding achievements for the player to gather 
for example getting all the blue dog balloons will give you an achievement.

Art & Design:
I thought the art for everything was decent, the buildings looked outstandingly made and had many 
details without making it look like it was over decorated, the characters look okay, although I still 
believe that they should be improved on especially as they are key objects in the game. The level design 
was mediocre - nothing special. The graphical interface elements was very well drawn as well.

Sound:
You could add more sound effects and you could also adjust the pitch of the coin pickup sound as it got 
a little annoying after repetitive collecting in my opinion, the music wasn't notably good not bad.


Author: Hugo Norlin
Author: berp.itch.io
Published: 25th August of 2024
